1. What is the difference between class and object?
2. Where is the mistake? How to fix?
```C#
class A { B b; }
class B { int c; }
...
static void Main() {
     var a = new A();
     Console.WriteLine(a.b.c);
}
```
3. Where is the mistake?
```C#
string a = null;
var parts = a.Split(" ");
```
4. How to write SafeSplit so that there is no NullReferenceException in the code
```C#
string a = null;
var parts = a.SafeSplit(" ");
```
5. How to make 2 classes with the same name in the project?
6. Describe all cases when next code is possible 
```C# 
A a = new B()
```
7. Describe all cases when next code is possible 
```C#
A a = (A)new B() 
```
8. What is an interface in C#?
9. What is inheritance and why is it needed?
10. What is an upcast?
11. What is polymorphism and why is it needed? 
12. What does the private keyword mean?
13. How to modify the values of private fields from outside the class?
14. What is a delayed error?
15. What is a property?
16. How many fields and methods will be generated by the compiler when processing this property, and what level of access will they have (private, public)?
```C#
public string Name { get; private set; }
```
17. How to call another constructor from one constructor so as not to duplicate code?
18. What does it mean that a field is readonly?
19. What is the difference between a constant and a readonly static field?
20. When are static constructors executed?
21. Where is the mistake? How to fix?
```C#
struct A { B b; }
struct B {int c; }
var a = new A();
Console.WriteLine(a.b.c)
```
22. What is the error in the code?
```C#
public structPoint
{
    publicPoint()
    {
        x=0;
        Y=0;
    }
 
    public int X;
    public int Y;
}
```
23. What if you need to pass a structure to a method by reference?
24. What is boxing?
25. Let Point be a structure containing the public fields X, Y and the GetLength method. Which lines are wrong and why?
```C#
Point p;
p.X = 5;
var length = p.GetLength();
```
26. What does out mean? What should be done inside a method if it has an argument marked out?
27. What is th difference between ref and out?
28. How is passing an object by ref different from passing a class object by reference?
29. Why is the memory size of a List<> not proportional to the number of elements?
30. What happens when the list[5] code is executed? Can we influence his behavior?
31. How is the == operator defined by default?
32. How is the Equals method defined by default?
33. How are the definitions of the == operator and Equals related?
34. Why is it recommended to override GetHashCode when overriding Equals?
35. What property should the GetHashCode method have in order to work correctly in tandem with Equals?